let's all go ahead doing a special video
on Halo Reach doing a layer again on
sword base again I'm getting their
division the jetpack again wow this it
literally is a job actually a video i
have already done i was like i need to
recruit something else i have work to do
so i can record anything else like maybe
they won't mind this is kind of like
some videos before but you know i'll
change the courage reset that's okay you
get here my lovely gorgeous voiceover
recording it's a different video I
promise in it but uh it's the same match
type in match but uh yeah I mean like
there's a very different games and stuff
I need to do and haven't bothered to do
it yet there's a lot of stuff that's
happening on GBA which I still haven't
told anyone about here the stuff I need
to talk about what you guys stuff I need
to talk about with people I'm working on
I'm so behind on recording surgery looks
ridiculous like there was a point in
recording a few months back where I had
no idea why I was gonna record and now
I've got so much stock footage shitting
on my hard drive I don't know what I'm
going to do there's a WB all starts dem
a review coming soon there is some
homefront review there is halo reach
legendary play from coming soon there is
well it's storm there is such as Crede
red dead redemption for GBA so much
contents coming out no way to get out
there and it's good to see time cuz it's
going to take a while around there cuz
I'm moving sucks dick but uh you know
essentially it's going to be quite funny
you know it's gonna be a very different
shit gonna happen you know get some more
stuff out with the community again I
don't hear from you guys push me some
comments the next what you wanna see
because I'm will be playing a game that
you don't want me to see you don't want
to say if you want me to play something
in particular or view something
particular you know whatever game it is
I don't really care I will play anything
I have very low standards I am the
prostitute the game world but no there's
a ton of stuff i wanna play this other
stuff i need to play now Arkham series
coming up soon soon fucking October
Nukem our man has to read you can you
come soon I signed up to the borderlands
game of the year edition when you buy a
border lands game of the year dish
gearbox to do you develop you can and
borderlands walk when you relieved they
released a special code that comes with
a game of the year edition of Portland's
which allows me to go on the bait
and I was pretty excited because you
know obviously it was scheduled for next
month and you know I was thinking maybe
the bay is gonna come up early next X
month so I was pretty sad finally get
chance to play a game before anyone else
you know got to a bait up before anyone
else does now missed out halo reach I
missed out with fucking gears three
young kids on gears free even yeah just
like gears free if I can missed out on
you know like a variety different games
were sure fucking been in the bay up I
didn't first of all now get a later
regretted not doing that you know
finally got the beer was really up for
it and then they delayed the video again
out the game again even but it's not the
fact that they delayed the game again
we've pissed me off as they made a jerk
about it and I work to really about it
they sent me the video via email I it
was it was genuine and they were trying
to make a big deal out of it would have
been fine it would have been funny if it
was anyone else see if it will see nann
Activision delaying call of duty once if
it was you know bungee released in their
new IP late that's fair enough if
they've said it once you know if they
were late ones go shit or gate was
scheduled for this time but it's not my
that okay sorry that without one time
there's not it's happened tons of times
with cheap nukem i personally think gift
box should fuck off now um i'm gonna
play the game probably going to hate it
just purely for that reason I think
they're not beds are doing so so that
one fucking cliffy B as well going oh
yeah it's definitely coming out April
alway it's not forget free horse buggy
why would you tell me that don't tell me
waste games coming out all these
developers like oh yeah we're going to
show you some you know going to show you
some not still Republic when we're going
to show you a variety different game to
come out 2012 I'm not its 2011 know me
like early to rise another right we got
a while okay I'm not gonna be like
sitting by my you know my mail waiting
for this game I cam I'm gonna fucking
post something else don't tell me the
games coming out I'd love a developer
I'm a developer just like two weeks
before lots good oh yeah the games
coming out to eat it'd be so nice just
to hit bullshit I hate the legs hate
being told something isn't gonna happen
because it essentially you lying to me
and you know I don't know I'm just
raging about it there's a cycle fuck you
it's like what's the point of me buying
your game if you're not even to take us
seriously I don't know I mean they try
to do it they dealt with it well Millie
it's kind of like well this game's gonna
suck dick I just have to survive the
game plan just looks Mayer the more
Flair sounds fun I'm like it's like
those games I hurt okay great move on it
doesn't seem like you know really
doesn't seem seems like an idea it seems
dated it seems really like it doesn't
see it like in an itz probably wanna
split but now it doesn't have to know I
mean I don't want to really give an
opinion on the game till it's actually
played it but it does seem really bland
but uh oh you know I'll make my decision
when I actually pay the bed and
obviously with a record that coming
exclusive GBA that's a first I'm sure
someone else on the game on gva got the
bait up but that will come up on the GV
s going exclusive it's my little present
to you guys who have been so nice to me
on TV a you know gbesi messing with
growing a slight as I said last time I
this massive gas Raven my last video
explaining why how much I love GV n what
companies about but uh yeah it's not
true and you know can't wait to pay
produced much nothing you guys because I
don't do enough for you guys and I got a
ton of scrubbers from this channel
reviews are coming there are some of
content coming out and I'm gonna some
more community based stuff coming out
thinking about a red dead red dead
redemption live stream under gpas name
you know just try and get community
behind the channel because there is a
community of sexually there but you know
they're not very vocal well they only
opportunity to be vocal and you know it
seems like some of them girl have gone
to the radar which is a shame there's a
ton of company commentators out there
young guys who are getting into the
industry which would be really good to
play as and you know TVA's one of those
companies is kind of growing constantly
they'll be fun it'd be fun I'm not
repeat the same shaver and over again
because that'd be fucking terrifying but
a terrifying fucking boring wisam
minecraft and we play some minecraft and
pay for on my channel I don't know why I
have to try that game people have told
me my friends have told me it's pretty
good I need to play I've got beta i
downloaded the data a long time ago and
I haven't paid us is so I'm going to buy
it just single where I just see how it
is I hope we'll probably install some
mods and in my you some cool mods are
there i'm going to probably get the new
animal one there it like with the ogres
and stuff that's pretty cool and get
some she ate with a weird animals look
cool that the crazy animal one but I
don't know we'll see we'll see what's
coming out of that other stuff I want to
show you so much food coming out it's
all stocked up please stay in touch
please check out my channel please send
a link or a comment or question anything
you want to ask me please send a message
we really good hear from you guys
hopefully you enjoyed my return is still
gonna be back thank you very much
watching my videos and I will see you
guys very very very soon take care